NAME: MIRAJ ALAM
ID: 108757323
DATE SUBMITTED

IMPORTANT NOTE:
I committed everything that gets generated after running autoreconf -i so that, you can run the code just using configure. Professor Zadok said that this was okay.

IMPORTANT FEATURES:

  All features for this homework have been implemented EXCEPT maybe that special solaris requirement in Part 3 of the grading sheet. I was not too sure what that meant, so I may or may not have that feature.

  All 9 systems provide the same output for the same input.

  My configure.ac and top level Makefile.am  are in the skey-2.0 directory

  The same directory also has a buildall script that can be run. The script is a quick way to test functionality and I hope it can help the process of grading.
  buiLdall will configure and build the whole program and run it. It will create a build directory in the same parent
  directory that skey-2.0 is part of, and inside the build directory it will make a subdirectory that is based on the system name from config.guess.
  And inside the subdirectory it will create all the necessary subfolders and such where the actual Makefiles can reside. And then the buildall will
  run make with -Wall and -Werror on each of the Makefiles recursively and then run the program in in the skey subdirectory with the password johndoe and the
  actual line for the program is ./key 88 ka9q2. The output is the correct output as described by the assignment.

  make dist works

  make install works

  make check works and passes the test with success for all systems.

  termio termios sgtty is very clear usage in skeysubr.c

  debugging infrastructure is clean. I use two macros DEBUG_ON_ENTER and DEBUG_ON_EXIT, both of the macros always have only one line of code after
  it, except for main which needed some custom code that needed to loop through argv(a block of code instead of just 1 line). For DEBUG_ON_ENTER the
  line of code is what will be printed for debugging level 3, and the line of code after DEBUG_ON_EXIT is what is printed if  debugging level 2 and debugging level 3.You can look at many examples
  of me using this way of debugging in the code for skeysubr.c and skey.c. The actual code for the macros are in skey.h

  static and shared libraries both work

  CHANGELOG documents all changes using the git log of my package.

  AUTHORS files says all the authors

  NEWS file describes the changes between this HW assignment package and previous package

  The custom setenv and getenv of skeysh.c are used when its not defined

  Custom getenv and setenv are not used when it is already defined.

  README is complete (you're reading right now)

EXTRA CREDIT:

  Last commit was on 5/4/16, thus I should be getting 6 points extra credit since it is 3 days before the due date.



MORE INFO:

  Look at changelog for more detailed description of all the changes as they were made.

